hi guys it's all in this video I'm going
to show you guys how to make homemade
fresh spring roll it has been a highly
requested video over on my youtube
channel so I'm finally getting around to
doing that for you guys and it's very
easy to make it's healthy they're
delicious although it's usually served
as an appetizer at restaurants I like to
eat it as a dinner I'll have like 5 or 6
of them in one sitting and I'm stuffed
no you don't feel like a complete cow
after you eat ok I like to use now tofu
Vietnamese ham and also shrimp in mine I
used to use pork belly in my spring
rolls but of course that's kind of fatty
so I started omitting that all together
so instead I've replaced pork belly with
tofu I used to really hate tofu I used
to be really confused when eating it and
I just be like ok take a bite ok tofu
like what is it what are you are you
like an egg are you like meat because
you're really the texture of you or
you're kind of confusing so yeah so yeah
it's really easy to make really healthy
filled with lots of fresh herbs but I
hope you guys enjoy the video don't
forget to check out my other tutorial
for my homemade Vietnamese ham first I'm
going to show you guys how to make the
dipping sauces I added my hoisin sauce
and peanut butter into a food processor
and I'm just going to pulse this all the
while I'm also adding in my sugar water
just a little bit of sugar with some
water just to smooth it out along with a
little bit of garlic powder and just
puree until smooth taste check it make
sure it's yummy it's all to taste really
it is and then dump it into something
with the lid I like to use mason jars
for this and now I know it seems a
little bit running to you but it's the
perfect consistency for me it should be
slightly thinned out but thick enough to
where you should take your figure into
the onto the back of the spoon and it
should all just stay and hold its shape
except this aside and I'll show you how
to make the sweet and sour fish sauce
into my measuring cup I'm adding in some
sugar along with some very hot water and
you just want to stir this until all the
sugar has dissolved and then add in your
fish sauce mix well then you want to
squeeze in some lime I know you're going
to ask can I use vinegar the answer is
yes I don't know how much I usually use
one lime maybe a little bit more
depending on how juicy it is
add in some chopped garlic stir and then
taste check use my measurements as a
guideline everyone has different tastes
and then once it's to your liking go
ahead and add in your chili peppers I'm
using fresh chili here and if I had
ground chili paste I would add some of
that in as well but I don't have that
but that's okay and just stir well and
then again just put it into something
with a lid this stores or it keeps in
the fridge for quite some time put this
aside and I will show you how to work on
the spring rolls you will need some
cooked of vermicelli noodles all the
packages are different you might not
have an angry looking Vietnamese woman
on your cover like I do but make sure
you follow the directions on whatever
package you have I will also be using
some tofu some bean sprouts some lettuce
some sawtooth coriander which looks just
like this and some mint and cilantro now
for the shrimp I've boiled these already
deveined with the shell on that's how
you keep it nice and flat and then you
just want to basically split it in half
and then after that that's when you want
to remove the shell and that's it it's
easy-peasy and just continue with the
rest of your shrimp and then just set
them aside and for the tofu you just
want to cut them in half and then cut
each half into thirds and you want them
to be just about this size and I also
cut up my hand the same size as the tofu
now for the rice paper today I'm using
the three ladies brand you want to start
off by taking one piece and completely
submerging it into some very very warm
water try to make it as even as possible
don't keep it for too long a quick dip
and then remove it tap off any excess
water and place it on a clean wooden
board that has not touched any meat or
anything like that you want to make sure
you're really safe and then just take
your hand and smooth it out and then
we're gonna start with the assembly so
in the middle we're going to place some
lettuce my sawtooth coriander some mint
again all these veggies are nice and
clean have been washed and dried in my
salad spinner I'm also going to add in
some cilantro and I forgot to add in my
what do you call that bean sprouts but I
do then the next one and then you want
to add in your cooked rice vermicelli
noodles and then I'm going to add on the
side of my veggies I'm going to go ahead
and add in my slices of homemade
vietnamese ham and then my shrimp right
next to it and then I'm going to layer
my tofu right on top of the ham I did
two pieces of ham two pieces of tofu
well what do you know I guess I did
remember to add in my bean sprouts I'm
now I'm adding in my bean sprouts and
then make sure you have enough rice
paper to completely roll over your
veggies and noodles once you've covered
that part you want to give it another
tight roll over and then you want to
bring in the sides right before you
start rolling up your shrimp now the
reason you put the shrimp glass it's for
presentation reasons you can really put
in whenever you want it's just so that
to make sure that the shrimp shows see
it's nice and pretty and you're done so
to show you one more time I'm adding
again my cleaned lettuce right in the
middle kind of I'm adding in my mint and
there's no real order to this as long as
you put the lettuce first and then the
noodles
last on top of all of your veggies and
herbs I find that it's easier to roll
and it keeps everything compact and nice
and tight here I'm just adding in some
more cilantro and now my fresh bean
sprouts which I finally remembered and
again like I said top it off with your
noodles now for my second row again I'm
adding in my homemade ham along with
some tofu two of each and for the final
row I'm going to add in three pieces of
shrimp and then again continue to roll
just like I said before up and over over
your herbs and your veggies get it nice
and tight and then right after you've
rolled over your ham and your tofu you
want to bring in the sides and then just
continue to roll over your shrimp and
you're good to go
if you guys make some tonight don't
forget to check out my other video for
my homemade vietnamese ham click on the
picture above thanks for watching